README.md, before:

<h1>Hello, I'm Braxton Smith. <br/><a href="https://github.com/BraxtonS">Programmer</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/braxton-smith/">Cybersecurity Enthusiast</a>, Hack of all Trades</h1>

<h2> Cybersecurity Projects/Trainings :</h2>

- <b>Active Directory Home Lab</b>
  - [Building Active Directory Home Lab](https://github.com/BraxtonS/ActiveDirectoryLab)

<h2>Certifications: </h2>

- <b>Google Cybersecurity Certificate</b>
  - [Certificate Badge](https://www.credly.com/badges/a7a85bbf-0650-45b4-af5f-204f002c0122/linked_in?t=rz346a)
    


<h2> Connect with me:</h2>

[<img align="left" alt="BraxtonSmith | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/braxton-smith

<!--
**joshmadakor1/joshmadakor1** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Add Nessus Lab to README.md

README.md, after:

<h1>Hello, I'm Braxton Smith. <br/><a href="https://github.com/BraxtonS">Programmer</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/braxton-smith/">Cybersecurity Enthusiast</a>, Hack of all Trades</h1>

<h2> Cybersecurity Projects/Trainings :</h2>

- <b>Active Directory Home Lab</b>
  - [Building Active Directory Home Lab](https://github.com/BraxtonS/ActiveDirectoryLab)
- <b>Vulnerability Management Lab with Nessus</b>
  - [Training Vulnerability Management with Nessus](https://github.com/BraxtonS/ActiveDirectoryLab)

<h2>Certifications: </h2>

- <b>Google Cybersecurity Certificate</b>
  - [Certificate Badge](https://www.credly.com/badges/a7a85bbf-0650-45b4-af5f-204f002c0122/linked_in?t=rz346a)
    


<h2> Connect with me:</h2>

[<img align="left" alt="BraxtonSmith | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/braxton-smith

<!--
**joshmadakor1/joshmadakor1** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
